Fix only GIFs shown for image+video picker intent (#602)
FossifyOrg/Gallery: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Fixed only GIFs showing when launched as picker with EXTRA_MIME_TYPES = [`image/*`, `video/*`] ([#602])

Reviewer: Unreleased changes also go to their respective sections:

```suggestion
### Fixed
- Fixed media picker showing only GIFs when both images and videos are requested
```

(rephrased for clarity)
